#  What is Grimlocke?

## About Grimlocke?

Grimlocke was formerly known as a private town (no public access) called
Town of Raccoon Bay. Grimlocke started as just a place for a group of
close friends and our mall featuring our stores.

Grimlocke is a family friendly community allowing both children and
furries. Located in Oregon, U.S.A, Grimlocke neighbors the city of
Astoria nestled along the bay and surrounded by a forest. We appear just
like a regular modern family roleplay community; but under a masquerade
lives supernatural and mythical beings of lore.

## How is Grimlocke set up? 

Each region is set up to be roughly 5-7 miles apart.

Leaving Raccoon Bay and heading into Sunrise, that would easily be a
5-mile distance. Add on a couple miles to get to the other side of
Sunrise (like the campground).

Leaving Raccoon Bay and heading into Juniper Woods, roughly 7 miles past
the hospital/lighthouse area. Juniper would be considered a very
country/rural setting.

Outside of the center of town, most homes (as on Sunrise Heights and
Juniper Woods) would be spaced apart and not easily seen into, some
several miles apart. Check "RP OK" signs to see how far a house sits
back from the road (i.e., 42 Juniper Circle Juniper Woods, aka White
Valley Ranch, the house sits nearly a mile from the road)

White Valley National Forest extends from and around Sunrise Heights
past Juniper Woods. The town of Grimlocke is nestled between the
Crescent Moon Bay and the National Forest.

Treat the forest as many many miles deep and not easily traversed. Best
way outside of hiking would be by horse, dirt bike, or ATV.

To get to the cemetery would be at least an hour's hike from the dirt
road, to get to the small house on the hill would take you a couple
hours to hike from the dirt road, and to access the mountain above the
cave tunnels would take a minimum of a 4 hour hike from the dirt road.
Due to the steep paths and exposed roots, horseback or by foot only.

The tunnels would also be a lot deeper than they appear and take a very
long time to navigate without Supernatural guidance. There would be many
many tunnels both closed off and caved in - think of how normal mines
are when they are closed off to the public. The tunnels are by foot
only. The use of cellular devices would not be possible. Short wave
radios would work until the person went deeper into the mines.

To reach the entrance of the canyon against Racoon Bay's border would be
about a 45-minute drive, and not easily seen from above. The canyon
itself is too narrow for vehicles to enter and must be reached on foot,
bicycle, horse, etc.

## Businesses not related to roleplay.

We have a mall in the sky that holds a collaboration of stores. This
mall is off-limits to emergency service roleplay (i.e., fire, shootings,
etc.). This is a bother to our visitors and customers. If you are
inquiring about space in the mall for a non-roleplay business: All
stores must have General to Moderate rated items/pictures/ads only. If
you require an area to sell or display your Adult rated items, a skybox
will be provided for you. You will be responsible for routing your own
teleports. For inquiries, you can open a region support ticket in our
Discord.

The community exists because of this mall. This is why Sunrise Heights
holds the national forest and the prims and scripted items rezzed out
are heavily monitored. Light Roleplay is allowed as some like the
experience of just going to a shopping plaza. You can find the landmark
in our welcome center.

## Supernatural Roleplaying

We are a supernatural community. What does that mean? It means we are a
modern community with supernatural secrets. The laws here are the same
as elsewhere with strict rules on supernatural exposure laws. Humans
must never find out that supernatural\'s exist or we could become
subjects for scientists, gain the interest of various Government bodies,
be used as pawns, etc.

To simplify this, think of the Harry Potter world. Magic exists but
muggles remain blissfully unaware. This allows for everyone to have fun,
even if supernatural roleplay isn't their style. But roleplay chat is
open for all nature of roleplays that follow our covenant.

Not a fan of magic and supernatural? No problem. You would just ignore
anything that might seem out of place because the human mind is an
amazing thing. Remember, you are never forced to do a roleplay that you
did not agree to. Supernatural\'s will hide their true nature, and if
you do come across something out of place, you, as a human, can just
pretend there is a reasonable explanation for it and carry on. See
someone with wings, horns, or ashen skin - You may see them as normal
humans, think they're cosplaying, or just came back from a party.

Did you stumble on a Role Play (RP) scene where there's a disembodied
voice? You could hear nothing at all, hear the wind, nothing out of the
ordinary.

Do you enjoy magic? You'd work hard to protect yourself and others,
avoiding bringing up certain things in public or exposing yourself as a
non-human. The laws are very strict for breaking this and the
consequences are severe. Remember, IC actions have IC consequences.

Let's work to make this fun for everyone. We've been doing a roleplay
storyline for 9 yrs following this rule and have done it in non-magic
communities with no issue (by keeping our roleplays in-house and never
publicly stated). If you have any questions, just ask! We're more than
happy to help you settle in.

We suggest, but do not require, to wear a titler marking your race what
humans could see/type of illusion, etc. This is particularly helpful for
those who do not wish to be involved in supernatural roleplays or trying
to interact with you. Mark yourself as human or No Supernatural
roleplay.

Keep in mind, if you walk into a roleplay, people are not expected to
pause or stop roleplaying until you pass. You could emote feeling a
chill and a sense of unease, remember you forgot to lock your door, or
just turn around and walk away.

# Rules & Policies 

### General Rules

1.  All staff decisions are final. If you feel a decision is wrong, you
    are welcome to open a support ticket and have an appeal made. All
    decisions are in effect until an answer is given to the appeal. We
    follow the Three (3) strike rule. If the matter or situation has
    been dealt with prior, it will not be revisited after the Third
    (3rd) time.

2.  Vulgarity: We're not uber strict on this, but we do ask that you do
    not use strong vulgar words (i.e., slut, cunt, etc.), racial slurs,
    etc. You can use certain words like A\*\* or F\*\*k for emotionally
    charged scenes but ask that it's not repetitive. Sometimes certain
    things slip out, but please monitor yourself. You can easily emote
    > */me shouted F**K three times after stubbing my little toe on the
    coffee table.*

3.  No bullying

4.  No racism.

5.  For the sake of sanity, please, avoid discussing heated real-life
    topics such as: religion, politics, covid, etc. These things may
    come up in roleplay and it's fine, just make sure you're able to
    dissociate your real feelings to prevent it from becoming something
    a member of management would need to step in on.

6.  We do not allow covid or school violence roleplays.

7.  No terrorist events (school shootings or school related violence
    with mass casualties, no mention of real-life terrorist groups or
    operations or roleplay around it, no bombing school or hospital
    \[this includes the surface school office\], no
    replication real life terrorist events)

8.  We do not allow covid or pandemic level roleplays. We may have the
    normal flu and cold season, a supernatural ailment, or other
    community wide roleplays but this is done at the discretion of
    Grimlocke management and the Director of the Hospital.

9.  No voice. You can use private calling, discord, or various other
    methods to talk to someone if you need.

10. Voice is turned off except on home parcels, fire department, and
    select areas.

11. All voice Role Play (RP) is voided, only exceptions under approval
    by management.

12. Please clean up after yourself. Do not keep items rezzed out that
    are not on your rental property with the exception of a crime or
    roleplay scene. Please notify a member of staff if you are leaving
    items out for longer than you will physically be at the scene. Rez
    is left on for photography and visitors to roleplay but if this
    becomes an issue, we will lock it to closed rez.

13. Please do not teleport in and out in public places when it's
    avoidable -- create landmarks off to the side of the buildings or
    inside a room like a restroom.

14. Do not go into someone's active rental without permission or
    following the notecards if they have a Roleplay OK sign.

15. No sex or sexual talk outside of your rented privacy parceled home.
    This applies to all businesses, Correctional and Medical facilities,
    cars in the forest, and any area that is not a private residence
    that is privacy parceled. Both the OOC and RP group chats have this
    applied as well. Mentioning adult/sex related activities in the
    chats is not appropriate in a family community. Light PG references
    alluding are typical.

16. IC actions have IC consequences. Do a crime, be prepared to go to
    jail. There is no such thing as a perfect crime, you will eventually
    be caught.

17. You will not be placed in jail longer than 7 RL days. If you find
    yourself still in jail or it's been longer than 2 weeks since arrest
    and trial - please contact the Sheriff or a member of staff.

18. You may be released from jail with parole or probation depending on
    crime.

19. Your character will maintain their criminal record.

## Criminal Roleplay 

You are required to leave a crime box detailing what would be
seen/found. You are welcome to set it up as a scavenger hunt and have it
investigated. But a crime box must be left. You can get a crime marker
from the welcome center.

Characters cannot "NPC" check-out of the hospital or jail after a
roleplay where they were In Character (IC) placed. This requires
interaction with the appropriate agency. If you are finding yourself
unable to roleplay this, one of our moderators will help you fade to
black. This does not apply if you were transported to the hospital and
no medical was available. In that case, it's an automatic fade to black
and you're free to go. However, if you choose to be admitted and no one
is online, you can check in via Discord.

## Voiding Roleplay Policy

This is generally disapproved of as it affects multiple people. If
you've laid a scene and it's been investigated or if you've done a
roleplay that involves more than just you -- you will need management
approval to void. The only firm denial for voiding roleplays would be
trying to get out of the roleplay consequences. You do an action; you
accept the reaction. Criminal Roleplays are rarely avoided -- be
cautious when laying the scene.

## Mimic Roleplay Policy

Mimicking is the best form of flattery, but this is discouraged as this
tends to burn out emergency services and others who are pulled into it.
If group 1 has a kidnapping happen, group 2 should not be having a near
identical roleplay either during or right after. It's advised you wait a
few days before starting your own arc out of respect for the emergency
service staff. You are welcome to reach out and ask if you want to do it
at the same time and verify there is manpower to handle it.

## Emergency Services Roleplay Policy

We heavily discourage repeating the same roleplay on repeat (example
back to back runaways) in close succession. We have a 2-week cooldown
between heavy style roleplays that involve police or other emergency
services to prevent burnout on our small departments.

Before setting a fire or needing immediate emergency services, please
verify in OOC group chat we have active duty available.

Just because someone is online does not mean they are actively on duty.

If you want to leave an offline 911 to point towards a crime scene
marker - you can use the #ic-communications channel in our discord, tag
as a 911 call. You can emote in the RP Chat that you've called 911,
spoke to someone, and the relay will handle the rest (in that call,
please provide all the information for the call, if you're doing it in
Discord, please tag the Sheriff's).

If you notice there is an active roleplay using utility resources (fire,
sheriff, medical), message one of the resource role-player's before
starting another roleplay.

All emergency calls and roleplay chatter is in the roleplay group only.
The OOC group is for out of character chatting or roleplay discussion.

## Fire Roleplay

The following rules apply to all fire roleplays

-  We only support HD fire

    -  Max 4 fires with 2 child or 2 fires with 3 child. Please only set
    the fire to the type of burn it is (i.e., kitchen fire would require
    foam not water. Forest fire would require water.) This is to keep
    the sim lag down.

    -  There can not be more than 1 fire roleplay at a time, any that
    happen after the first roleplay is activated will be voided
    immediately.

        -  Unless Prior approval given from fire chief of member of
        management.

## Clothing and Attachment 

-  Chest (women) and pelvis must be covered at all times with bits and
    bobs removed when possible.

-  Child avatars must be fully clothed at all times. We're aware
    real-life toddlers run around in their diapers most of the time, but
    this is a game not real life.

-  As per Linden Labs TOS, all child avatars (under 18 years old) must
    wear BOM undergarment(s) \[female appearing or gender fluid in a
    female appearing body must have a BoM top\] at all times as well.

-  Slappers or other similar attachments (that represent bedroom style
    behavior) that speak in local chat are to be removed as they are
    disruptive to roleplay, and some people tend to troll avatars who
    wear them.

## Areas and Events Marked SPN

-  All areas marked as SPN are considered to be Supernatural only.

-  If you are a human and you go into an area marked as a SPN location
    or to an event that's advertised as SPN, you are agreeing to
    supernatural roleplay.

## 18+ Events 

-  No minor (17 and below) aged avatars.

-  You are not allowed to attend or "accidentally" stumble into an area
    where this is happening.

-  No 18+ event shall include any explicit roleplay.

## Roleplay Chat

- It is heavily encouraged to take your roleplay to local when
    everyone is within 19 meter distance from each other.

-  If there is no activity in Roleplay chat - you are free to use it
    for your stage but follow a post order if someone else posts and
    keep your posts limited to one every several minutes.

-  Use Roleplay Chat to let others know where you'll be at to encourage
    roleplay - but do not use it to say you're going to a location and
    not show up.

## Ghost Emoting

Ghost emoting (emoting you are somewhere that you are not physically at)
is prohibited without permission from those it affects. (i.e., Jane is
going to Whalemart. Billy is elsewhere on the grid or using the relay
and says he's at Whalemart and tries to interact with Jane's character
by emoting in a way that forces Jane to respond. This causes disruption
and is unfair to the person physically there. Always seek permission
before ghost emoting and accept a denial with grace.)

## Vehicles and Driving

-  If you drive, you are roleplaying, with minor exceptions. You break
    the law; you serve your sentence. Failure to do so will result in
    loss of your Role Play (RP) privilege and can result in a temp ban.

-  All vehicles left out for 24 hours will be returned. If a vehicle is
    left for a specific roleplay, management needs to be notified to
    avoid having it returned. Vehicles owned by a resident with an
    existing mailbox will not be returned (This is subject to
    management's discretion). In Character wise, the vehicle will be
    ticketed and towed.

-  No Vehicles over 50 prims (without approval).

-  License Plates/Driver's Licenses/ID -- there are forms for you to
    fill out here: <https://townofgrimlocke.com/dmv> The fee is \$15L
    for a generic plate & \$30L for custom plates, to be paid at the
    time of delivery. 
    - We do accept valid licenses and registrations from other Communities 
    - You may use a fake ID / License but will face IC consequences if caught 

-  Paying fines -- this is Role Play (RP) only. If you do not want to
    Role Play (RP) with the police/court in paying it, just do a simple
    emote in the Role Play (RP) group that your fine has been paid
    (mailed in, paid online, stopped by the village hall, etc.). Post it
    in the discord server or send a copy of it to the Sheriff or Majors.

-  Vehicles approaching a road blocked due to a roleplay should DM
    someone involved as a courtesy before going around it. This is to
    prevent someone uninvolved with the roleplay from being stuck in
    place. If it is a checkpoint or construction, you'll be moving soon
    enough.

-  Vehicles are in character and are open to things like theft Role
    Play (RP) if unlocked. This also applies to properties with the "RP
    OK" sign. Check your vehicle settings and lock your vehicle if you
    do not want it stolen.

## Szym Paladins

-  We are allowing Paladins to max out at 75 prims and the truck must
    be optimized.

-  No more than 1 Paladin per avatar. We will take into consideration
    for service departments to allow an increase of prims and to allow
    more than 1 rezzed, (i.e. to allow a personal and a work truck, on
    an individual basis.) However, the only people in departments that
    should be driving vehicles home are police and fire chiefs and
    assistant chiefs, and the head of DoT.

## Scripted Items

-  Furniture pertaining to The Sims' style huds (BeYou, Life, Life2,
    Xeolife, Mystory, etc.) is limited to 3 Hud specific furniture
    Items/appliances per rental. More will result in you being contacted
    and asked to pick up the items, or them being returned if you fail
    to do so. The ONLY exception to this is the Caring You Hud and
    products. This is a very low lag and community wide supported Hud.

-  For systems like BeYou and DFS we allow 2 crop plots per rental, and
    4 animals (Caring You we allow up to 6).

-  We do not allow more than 3 breedable animals per rental. This can
    be adjusted with approval of management.

-  You are allowed up to 5 NPC's (i.e. babies, pets) per rental. If you
    notice sounds are carrying off of your parcel -- please immediately
    notify management to get this corrected.

-  If you rent a plot that is not parceled, you are not permitted to
    have one of these out that makes sounds when offline. If you are
    able to mute them, they can remain.

- If you are on a region that has the aesthetics (Horses/Non Breedable
    Large Animals) to have a farm, this is approved. For the regions
    that would not support it, we offer stable rentals.
-  Private rentals, you may have up to 4 horses, in the event you have
    NPCs, you are allowed a total of 9 items to be out, which is a
    combination of NPC and Large Animals. You do not need to count
    animals that are descripted or static (you do count them for prims,
    but they are not counted as an NPC).

## Roleplay Style

Grimlocke dose not support the usage of roleplaying with health meters.
Any roleplay involving them will be voided, and any issues raised from
them will be closed without investigation and all parties involved will
be warned.

We follow a 3-line attack rule & strongly advise the use of dice if it
is a fight. See the Example below.

> Sasemi: Sas pulls a throwing dagger off her hip and twirls it in her
  fingers as she stares at the man threatening her.

> Roger: Roger eyes up the dagger and subtly reaches into his pocket to
  pull out his switchblade with the thumb trigger.

> Sasemi: Sas deftly twirls the dagger and throws it.

> That attack was done in 3 lines. At this point, Roger has the call to
 make if the dagger hits him in some way. This being said, you cannot
 avoid every attack. Even if your character is a Samurai (Sasemi) and
 highly trained, she would not be able to avoid every attack. Same with
 someone in a gunfight. Choose these battles carefully and discuss with
 your Role Play (RP) partners the course of action you wish or don't
 wish to take. We do not support perma-deaths here (but it is up to the
 owner of the character how to handle it). If you are fatally shot, you
 have the option to have it Role Played (RP) as medical saving your
 life, AKA fade to black. If you choose to die, it would be a name
 change and a new character.

## Dice Rolls

Dice Rolls - We offer a dice Hud in the visitor welcome basket located
in the welcome center. This is suggested to be used to gauge your
attacks and their hits.

Dice numbers are as follows:

-  1-4 barely hit opponent / easily avoided

-  5-7 hit of some sort / it's going to sting, possible bleeding, light
    bruising

-  8-9 land a hard hit on the opponent / you would have a hard time
    running off. Your leg, arm, etc. would be heavily damaged and
    unusable

-  10-12 your attack succeeds as you intended in the emote given /
    close to unconsciousness and unable to avoid the attack at all or
    your hit is head on.

## Bans

All Bans are held a minimum of 30 days. After 30 days, you have the
right to appeal.

You have the right to appeal a ban by contacting a Community Manager:
Glitch Vidarr (fasniper), Gracie Moonchild (GracelynnDavis), Tyler M
Davis (TylerMDavis), Viktoriya Hui-Lycheborne
(ILIKEPIEPIEPIEPIEPIEPIEPIEPIEPI).

# Supernatural Roleplay 

Your character must be balanced and not be overpowered to the point of
making it unfair to those you are roleplaying with. We do have guides
for every race to follow upon request but do not push this. This is
subject to change if we run into issues.

The use of magic huds are not allowed without permission. These tend to
drop objects that do not always clean up, create lag, and have the
chance of affecting people not involved in your roleplays. They can also
lead to the mistake of you being considered a griefer. You MUST gain
approval before using these or risk being banned. If you break the no
exposure law, you will be subject to punishment.

You are free to roleplay supernatural activities in the roleplay group.
We just ask that you respect if the person who happens into you does not
wish to do supernatural roleplay and has not been involved with your
roleplay. You are not required to stop or pause your existing roleplay
but don't try to force someone to roleplay.

## Supernatural Areas

We have specific areas set up for supernatural\'s to let their fangs
drop, wings pop out, and claws to stretch - free to be themselves
without fear of exposure.

-  **Sunrise Heights:**

    -  Brentmont Mine - This is what supernatural's call the old
        Dwarven Mine. ICly, it's closed to the public for safety reasons
        and boarded up. Humans may be on the "upper" area of the mining
        tunnels, but the "lower" tunnels would be hard for them to
        navigate. (TLDR: The surface of the region would be considered
        the upper area as there is a landslide area hiding a cave. The
        Lower areas would be the tunnel system in the sky, accessed via
        teleporter).

    -  Ironside (Dwarven Bar) - Hidden bar deep in the Dwarven Mine.
        (located via teleporter, tunnels in the sky)

    -  Mount Coterie - Vampire Lounge. An area that operates as a blood
        bar and resting place for vampires. (located within a lower
        cavern on top of the mountain - you can cam into it from the
        main cave entrance)

-  **Raccoon Bay:**

    -  The Holistic Witch - white witch shop and hang out location.
        Healing vibes and energy, safe area that's warded to prevent
        humans from overhearing conversations inside.

    -  Shifting Kelp Shoals - Mer grotto containing everything Mer
        related from playground, homes, restaurant, shop, and meeting
        areas.

    -  Healing Leaf Tea Shop & Apothecary - Upstairs, invite only, is a
        safe area for Supernatural's to have magic infused teas and
        natural remedies created for them.

    -  Grimlocke Public Library - the unassuming library offers
        Sanctuary in its attic to all Supernatural's. The magic that
        protects the Sanctuary prevents people from being directly
        ordered out, auras from being sensed, or sounds like talking or
        footsteps from being heard. The basement offers a full
        collection of Supernatural related books from histories, family
        lineages, medical, ancient scrolls, spell casting - anything
        relating to a Supernatural that the Librarian has been able to
        get her hand son.

    -  Elvina Territory - pack grounds for the Elvina pack are located
        on this region. Offering pack protection in an all-inclusive
        Supernatural commune/pack where anyone who is either a
        Supernatural or affiliated with the Supernatural world can
        become part of the pack. Those interested would make inquiries
        at Murphy's Pub.

-  **Juniper Woods:**

    -  Juniper Territory - pack grounds for the Juniper pack are
        located in this area. Offering pack protection in an
        all-inclusive Supernatural commune/pack where anyone who is
        either a Supernatural or affiliated with the Supernatural world
        can become part of the pack. Those interested would make
        inquiries at the White Valley Vineyard.

    -  White Valley Medical Center - offers medical to Supernatural's
        for any and all ailments and successfully is able to hide and
        offer Sanctuary to all in need within the limitations set by the
        Medical Director.

# Child Avatars

### Roleplay Decorum

- Note your age. A toddler would not be stealing a car or living on
  their own. A baby would not survive being outdoors alone. If you're
  just exploring the community, please wear an OOC (out of character)
  tag.

- If you are under the age of 6, you would have a responsible companion.
  You can just emote having a sitter or adult/teen with you. This
  caregiver would prevent you from most criminal activities: stealing a
  car, breaking into a store, etc.; and act in the best interest of the
  child. That being said, of course some children may find themselves
  without a guardian. If any crimes are committed, you are expected to
  roleplay out the consequences and accept that you may be placed in the
  care of CPS or placed in our juvenile detention center.

- Heavy roleplay scenes -- child avatars may be asked in DMs to leave an
  area before IC seeing something. A good example of this would be a
  gory crime scene. The officers would not have the ability to handle a
  child on top of the investigation for the scene. Otherwise, an NPC'd
  officer would intercept you and move you along.

- Modesty Layers - All female appearing children regardless of age are
  required to have a BoM top on that covers the chest area (this applies
  to Mer as well. We want to see either a bodysuit style or tank top -
  not just shells).

### Medical Roleplay

-  All children will have a happy ending. No minor aged avatar will be
    killed or permanently injured. This is done out of respect for those
    who do real life medical.

-  Recovery period will be up to the medical and child role player and
    not to exceed an unreasonable amount of time. Unless both parties
    have agreed, no one should be held longer than 7 RL days.

-  Please ensure that all parties are comfortable with the nature of
    roleplay.

### Teen/Minor aged Criminals

-  Child avatars under the age of 13 should not be committing major
    crimes such as grand theft auto, robbery, and arson. Common sense
    logic applies; Stealing your parent's car at age 12 is reasonable,
    setting buildings on fire and lockpicking and stealing other
    people's cars at age 8-12 are not. Capital crimes like attempted
    murder and murder should not be committed by any child avatar under
    age 16.

    -  There are always exceptions to rules. Accidental fires, an
        in-depth character who is willing to accept roleplay
        consequence, a storyline that has led to a certain roleplay
        plot. If you are uncertain, you're always welcome to reach out.

    -  Please note -- juvie is for all minor aged characters. Just
        because you are a single digit age will not prevent you from
        being placed behind bars.

-  You will not be held longer than 7 days in Juvie unless this is
    agreed on by yourself and with the Sheriff's consent. If you find
    yourself still in Juvie or still awaiting a trial - please contact
    the Sheriff or a member of staff.

### Juvenile Detention for Criminal Youth

-  The Juvenile Detention Center is for criminal youth who are serving
    out their sentences and awaiting sentencing.

-  There would be visiting hours between the hours of 10am and 6pm. All
    visitors are subject to be searched and would only be allowed access
    to the visitor receiving area. All visitors would have to be
    pre-authorized by staff at either the Sheriff's Office or the Court
    system.

-  You would need a keycode, ID Badge, or Keyfob to be let into and out
    of the building, with the exception of a fire alarm that would
    automatically unlock all doors.

-  All interior doors would be secure and locked.

-  All juveniles are given free access to the common areas. Interior
    doors would be monitored by a member of staff at all times and kept
    locked.

-  You would more than likely have some form of community service when
    freed from the Center.

-  You are allowed up to 15 prims for personal effects in your cell.
    These would be items such as religious symbols, photos, school
    related, books, bed decor, etc. You would not have electronics
    beyond a basic radio.

-  Your cell would be searched randomly. IC you would not have much
    privacy.

-  You can only be held in juvenile detention for a week, 7 real life
    days max, unless you agree to a longer sentencing. If you find your
    case hasn't been closed or you haven't been given your court date --
    please contact management.

- School for juveniles currently incarcerated with in the Juvenile
    detention center. The Juvenile would be given the option to attend
    virtually via a laptop that would be restricted and monitored at all
    times. The Juveniles that elect to attend in person would be fitted
    with an ankle monitor that would track the location of the
    individual and would be escorted to their locker and/or classroom by
    a staff member from the facility and, would be picked up at the end
    of the school day and returned to the youth facility to continue
    serving their sentence.


# Rental Basics

-  Rented homes are marked with mailboxes either near the front door or
    fence gates. These may not be mailboxes if the aesthetics may call
    for something else. It could be a bird feeder near the gate, a light
    above the door of a business.

- If the meter box is locked or there is no floating text -- it is a
    rented home. This means you **cannot** enter without permission, set
    fire to the home, etc. If you want to Role Play (RP) breaking into a
    home or being an arsonist/graffiti artist, contact the renter prior
    for approval. The only exception to this rule would be if they have
    the Role Play (RP) OK sign with a notecard detailing permission.
-  Roleplay Notification -- We will provide 2 signs of which one is to
    be placed near the front of your property. These will be "**RP OK**"
    and "**NO RP.**"

    -  You will need to dictate via a dropped notecard in the roleplay
        allowed sign if you are willing to have your home open to
        roleplay and what your limits are (i.e., break ins allowed, no
        break ins when offline, what security measures you have around
        the property).

        -  If you state you have cameras, there needs to be at least 1
            camera visible.

        - You do not need to have physical NPC, but you do need to
            write where they would be at and if they'd be patrolling.

            -  This is also within reason:

                -   A townhouse is not going to have patrolling guards
                    or staff, but you might have a house cleaner. 

                -  A larger home or one of the country homes that may
                    sit on a large amount of land may have
                    patrols/guards/etc. These would need to be stated. 

                -  You should also be stating at least 1 opening if
                    you're allowing Role Play (RP) to happen on your
                    property when you are not online. 

                -  When the guards change shifts, there's a 15 min
                    window.

                -  The cook stays in the kitchen from 9am-4pm and
                    leaves, the butler is in the house from 6am until
                    9pm. 

-  Rented Properties

    -  Anyone who has things rezzed out must be on your mailbox. When
        we do prim audits, things not owned by someone on your mailbox
        will be returned.

    -  We may also ask you to reduce the script usage if your parcel is
        generating lag to your neighbors or to the region as a whole.

-  Parceling Rented Homes

    -  Single Family / Single Lot homes are parceled and allowed adult
        furniture.

    -  The Apartments, Businesses and other unparcelled rentals are
        **not** allowed Adult Furniture.

-  Security Orbs are not allowed and will be returned. If you need to
    have someone banned from your parcel, please contact a member of
    management.

-  Refunds

    -  We do not offer refunds.

    -  The only exception to this rule would be.

        -  The event of a shut down.

        -  Loss of region you are renting on.

        -  An error on our behalf

## Plot Changes

-  House Swapping

    -  Switching out one building for another -- The Owner
        Jenniferlimana will need to approve the building. It must fit
        the aesthetics of the region.

    -  The Renter will be required to pay a min of 3 weeks on their
        rental or have 5 + weeks' time remaining on the rental.

    -  Usage of your own provide house must be approved by management.

        -  Do not rent with the intent of using your own house.

    -  We will not allow 2 of the same houses on an individual region
        or to sit side by side in the event the property is against a
        region border. This is up to the discretion of management.

    -  House swapping is limited to once every two months or at the
        discretion of the rental team.

## Landscaping

-  You are welcome to decorate your yard as you please.

-  We do reserve the right to ask you to remove things if they clash
    against the aesthetic of the area, you are in.

    -  An example of this would be a prim tree that is full bright.
        This would heavily clash against the rest of the landscaping. If
        you love this particular tree, place it out of sight behind your
        home.

## Holidays

-  If the region can support it, we will at times allow you to go
    over your prim limits but unless this is stated publicly - you
    must remain within your prim limits.
        
-  Sounds from these decorations must remain on your parcel. If you
    are on a parcel that is not privacy parceled and the sounds are
    loud enough to disturb others, you may be asked to remove the
    item.

-  Unless you have prior permission, no landscaping/decorations are to
    be off of your parcel or in front of your fence/yard
    (lights/vines/fence toppers are OK on the fence).

## Prefurnished Rentals

 Clearing Pre-Furnished Rentals

-  Residence

   - The renter will be required to pay a min of 2 weeks on their
      rental or have 4 weeks' time remaining on their rental in
      order to clear a pre-decorated location. This is due to the
      work of replacing the times if you chose to no longer rent
      that location.

 - Business

   -  You are renting the business from decoration/furniture to
       the building. This will not be replaced but you are welcome
       to add your own personal touches. 

   -  No strobe or flashing lights.
           
   -  No sound makers - unless the business is able to be
       privacy parceled, the sounds will carry across the
       community.

If Management has an idea or upgrade opportunity, the Renter
            reserves the right to have the final say on changes (unless
            it's an emergency situation or something breaks) until the
            end of their tenancy. 

The Renter is allowed to host events at their establishment
             but are responsible for their own posters. Management can
             post the event times/posters in the Discord and on our
             event calendar.

## Other Rentals

-  Equestrian Rentals

    -  Stables are rented at 1.3L/Prim.

    -  Restricted to equestrian items and avatars only.

    -  You might live in the stall with your trusty stead, but you
       wouldn't have the comforts of home.

-  The area for the stables is parceled.

-  The teleporter for the skybox will take you to the
    staging/equestrian event area and is open for the public. This
    teleporter can be found by the horse rezzer.

-  The skybox is off limits to fire and shooting roleplay.

## Rental Swaps
Rental Swaps will only occur on **ALL** of the following conditions: 

- You must pay a minimum of 1 week on the new rental before the
    transfer will be processed.

-  Open a support ticket in our Discord or ask for a member of the
    rental team in the OOC group. We push Discord only because it's the
    fastest way to get you assistance. 

-  Only the Renter, not subtenants, will be able to request a
    transfer. 

## Discounts
The following are our policies on discounts

-  10% discount 2 weeks after roleplay business opening

- 15% discount (Only after 2 weeks of active role-play) for 

  -  Active emergency services personnel: 
        
     - Fire
     - Police
     - Medical
     - Legal. 

  -   This applies to Teachers, CPS, & Hearth Staff

- 20% discount for department heads: 
    - Fire
    - Medical
    - Sheriff 
    - Education

-  These discounts are limited to active role-players only.

-  You must be active within the community a min of 3 days a week
    or the discount is subject to removal.

-  You are responsible for submitting a rental ticket and asking for
    these discounts as we are unable to monitor everyone and immediately
    know who has or hasn't received the discounts.

## Eviction Information

-  Management reserves the right to evict and reset the rental under
    the following conditions:

    -  Rental is marked as "Will Not Renew" and is cleared out with
        less than 4 days on the rental.

    -  Rental appears abandoned (no furniture and no one has been to
        the property).

    -  Renter does not respond within 3 days to management asking if
        property is abandoned.

    - Renter has notified management they are no longer renting.

    - Renter has been banned.

    - Renter is given a 48 (cabins, dock slips, stables) or 72-hour
        (homes, businesses) grace period from tenancy expiration until
        we reclaim. However, this is not a right, and we reserve the
        right to reclaim a rental when the tenancy expires.

# Things To Note

## Building Information

All Public Service Buildings (law, legal, medical, fire, city hall, gas
station, school, etc.) would have cameras, staff, and locked
doors/keypads for entry into nonpublic areas. This is implied even if no
one is on duty or physically there. Medical, fire, & Sheriff's Office
would have people around the clock there.

ALL public buildings (restaurants, stores, etc.), during open hours
(consider open hours as 8am-9pm, with the exception of Whalemart (24
Hours), Drive-In (open until 2am) will have NPC people present when
there are no physical players.


# Privacy Expectation 

Everyone has a right to privacy. This means camming is highly
discouraged into rented homes. Don't want to see a photo or a BDSM
cross? Don't look into the person's home. This is their personal space
they are renting and not open for negotiation or judgment by others. No
one should be camming into a home, taking pictures, and sharing it
around as a joke or 'concerned.' If you're truly concerned about
something, contact a general manager or the rental manager with your
concerns. Fair warning, if we are unable to see what the issue is from
the sidewalks/is not visible from outside the home -- there is nothing
we can do unless it breaks LL ToS. If it breaks LL ToS, then it will be
reported to LL, and they will make a decision on it. We reserve the
right to report and ban/evict/handle issue ourselves.

# Property of Grimlocke



Grimlocke holds all intellectual rights for resources created for and
used by the community. This applies but is not limited to:

- Graphics designed for all departments within the community of
Grimlocke

- Artwork commissioned

- Town Logo

- Covenant and written records

- Training documents

- Local chat logs given in response to handle community
issues/disputes

- Gyazos/Images given to handle community issues/disputes

- Posts made on all social media sites utilized by the community of
Grimlocke

- Social media accounts

- Raven Media broadcasts and recordings

- Images posted to our community social media sites, websites, or
Discord

- Work created using one of our utilities: Canva, ClickUp, Google
Workspace

# Amendments

The community owner and management of Grimlocke reserve the right to
change the bylaws of the community. Notice will be given of any
amendments.

Management also reserves the right to approve or disallow permissions as
needed for the overall health of the community.
